Deprecate install-rippled-on-centos-rhel-with-yum (#1758)
XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal: content/tutorials/manage-the-rippled-server/installation/install-rippled-on-centos-rhel-with-yum.md

---
html: install-rippled-on-centos-rhel-with-yum.html
parent: install-rippled.html
blurb: Deprecated: CentOS and Red Hat Enterprise Linux are no longer supported.

> labels:

Reviewer: You can add "status: removed" to the frontmatter to give the page a red trash can icon in the table of contents (like with the Demurrage page) so it's more obvious that it's deprecated/removed.

```suggestion
status: removed
labels:
```

  - Core Server
---
# Install on CentOS/Red Hat with yum

The `rippled` software no longer supports **CentOS 7** or **Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7**. Instead, Ubuntu is recommended; [build instructions are here](https://github.com/XRPLF/rippled/blob/develop/BUILD.md).

> - It is extremely difficult to build a modern toolchain on an ancient system like CentOS.

Reviewer: This feels a bit extreme, especially since in theory CentOS 7's EOL isn't until June 2024. Maybe we can tone it down a little?

```suggestion
- It is difficult to build a modern toolchain on an older system like CentOS 7.
```

Reviewer 2: With https://github.com/XRPLF/rippled/pull/4428 merged, this should not be necessary (for now.)

That is, CentOS 7  packages _will_ be available as usual.
